no matter how much theory and content
you consume and read around
seo until you start doing it is when you
realize the nuance involved within
everything
someone starts a new website and they're
like what i've heard is
i need to create great content and if i
create enough great content
i'll rank there's a fundamental jump
from the creation of great content to
getting results that it's often missed a
big part of this
is backlinks they start a new site they
create a bunch of content
they'll often say i'm going to publish
five blog articles a week
for the next 10 weeks when you think
about that logically from outside the
search point of view it's kind of a
logical way to approach a project a lot
of other projects are focused on
output so you start doing that and you
very quickly realize
after six or seven weeks that barely
anything's ranking
maybe you get semi-lucky and a few
things are trickling in but based on
your expectation
it's usually never getting close to
where you would expect it to be what i
see a lot of people do is they try to
answer the problem
with more volume imagine that in the
context of paid advertising
you spend 100k and you get
really bad cpa tell you what let's spend
200k
you would never do that people will ramp
up 10
pieces of content per week 20 pieces of
content per week there's a cost
associated there's whether it be time or
cash it still doesn't work and then they
realize i need to do something different
i need to pivot
it's one of the few situations with seo
where people working for
the trap of trying to do twice as much
of the thing that isn't working and
hoping that that will then deliver
results
you